Update rintro (online collection of R scripts not available) (#4369)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/processing/r_intro.rst

into QGIS.

The following example has been taken from the ``Random sampling grid``

> script that you can be found in the on-line collection of R scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
script that can be found in the online collection of R scripts
```
I really prefer in [one word](https://writingexplained.org/online-or-on-line)

> (the scripts in this on-line collection can be found in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the scripts in this online collection can be found in
```
